Light Rain Light Rain
How have you been?
Who did it?
Who made Xiaoyu like this?
Sister Chu Xia
Tonight's trade conference at Tianyi Hotel
Prepare for leaf armor
As a result, Xiaojun was able to bring someone into the venue
When he comes out again
Miss, that's it
Trash, what are you doing?
Do you eat dry rice?
We just haven't finished reporting
Only the people in the venue
All were injured and disabled by Xiao Junlin
Including four experts
And what else?
Quick, there is also the great master invited by Miss Chu
Also hit in a vegetative state
What the hell is this little county citizen?
So amazing
Hello, Lord Qi
What are you Chu family doing?
Why did I send Chu
Master Yu was beaten into a vegetative state
Lord Qi, I don't know what's going on
This Xiao Junlin
He also beat my sister into a fool
Xiao Junlin is right
It's the migrant worker Ye Yufei married
Lord Xiao Junlin Qi
Do you know him?
The world can kill the person named Gu He and Xiao Junlin
Only one
I know who he is.
Lord Qi, do you want to avenge our Chu family?
I know you and do as I say
Send an invitation letter to the Ye family for the appearance ceremony
Invite them to the ceremony the day after tomorrow
Until that day
I will do it myself
It was I who sent the invitation letter to the Ye family
Little King's Landing
I see you can still jump for a few days